what's up everybody
Furies Pete here and today we're gonna
do something different we're gonna do a
little bit of a challenge series we're
going to challenge other youtubers and
today we're going to challenge la Fenix
haha
beautiful
hello first bids we are la fenix from
Brazil and we have a challenge for you
it's the lemon challenge you have to eat
I entire lemon a whole limb can you do
it bitch bang so I've been challenged to
you one of these delicious lemon
delicious delicious lemon and they told
me to eat one of these a whole delicious
lemon looks delicious doesn't it looks
beautiful beautiful and delicious now
the problem is if I just do one I look
like a pussy
I did three bottles of lemon juice so I
got to add two more to the fire I'm
feeling is gonna be a lot more difficult
than it looks skin and all here we go
okay I don't know why I'm scared of this
I'm not scared of it I'm furious let's
do it
and
died
you
Oh
I'm going really weird
number two ah ah ah sour
ah
oh no no ah ah come on
burning my lips I don't know why but it
is sugar fly think that's a song right
huh getting goosebumps really don't know
why really burning here it's weird that
look really burning how who third one
third lemon oh oh
mom oh sorry more sour
accidentally marked our oh wow Oh
and a plane passing
ah the finnex I killed your challenge
bro I even ate three my lips are killing
me right now they are severely killing
me I was a tough challenge and if you
like the shirt that I'm wearing stay
hungry shirt with a mean-looking line on
the front dim furious logo on the back
this is a limited-edition shirt will be
available for about a week straight for
pre-orders that is it teamed up with
teespring link in description below and
we created a kitty shirt look at that
isn't that awesome
alright that's it hopefully you guys
enjoyed this little challenger series
make sure you check out the la Fenix
challenge that I gave them a Phoenix la
fennecs I can't speak Portuguese catch
you guys next time let me know what you
guys want to see next stay dedicated for
life my friends ding furious stay sexy
stay hungry and of course get laid
doctor